MapServer Documentation (#191)
cosmoscout/cosmoscout-vr: plugins/csp-lod-bodies/README.md

}
```

## Setting up the MapServer on Ubuntu 20.04 

This guide will most likely work for newer versions of Ubuntu as well. A key requirement is at least version 6.3.0 of [PROJ](https://proj.org/). For Ubuntu 20.04 this is in the official repositories, for older versions, you may try to add the [UbuntuGIS](https://launchpad.net/~ubuntugis) repository.

### Installing the MapServer

This tutorial will install the `mapserv` CGI script and Apache2 as a webserver.
Of course you could use any other server - also the Apache configuration is very basic, but it will serve as a starting point.

First install the required packages:

```
sudo apt-get install apache2 apache2-bin apache2-utils cgi-mapserver mapserver-bin \
                     mapserver-doc libmapscript-perl libapache2-mod-fcgid
```

Then enable `cgi` and `fastcgi` of Apache:

```
sudo a2enmod cgi fcgid
```

> Then add `/usr/lib/cgi-bin` directory to Apache. To do this, add the following lines on Apache2 configuration file (e.g. `/etc/apache2/sites-available/000-default.conf`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add `/usr/lib/cgi-bin` directory to Apache. To do this, add the following lines to the end of the Apache2 configuration file (e.g. `/etc/apache2/sites-available/000-default.conf`):
```

```

>          ScriptAlias /cgi-bin/ /usr/lib/cgi-bin/
>          <Directory "/usr/lib/cgi-bin/">
>                  AllowOverride All
>                  Options +ExecCGI -MultiViews +FollowSymLinks
>                  AddHandler fcgid-script .fcgi
>                  Require all granted
>          </Directory>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScriptAlias /cgi-bin/ /usr/lib/cgi-bin/
<Directory "/usr/lib/cgi-bin/">
        AllowOverride All
        Options +ExecCGI -MultiViews +FollowSymLinks
        AddHandler fcgid-script .fcgi
        Require all granted
</Directory>
```
